added doc to clarify that principal-prefix-access for azure will only list abfss storage accounts (#2212)
databrickslabs/ucx: README.md

`Storage Blob Data Reader`, `Storage Blob Data Owner` roles, or custom read/write roles on ADLS Gen2 locations that are being
used in Databricks. This requires Azure CLI to be installed and configured via `az login`. It outputs azure_storage_account_info.csv
which will be later used by migrate-credentials command to create UC storage credentials.

> Note: This cmd only lists azure storage account gen2, storage format wasb:// or adl:// are not supported in UC and those storage info
> will be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command only lists azure storage account gen2, storage format wasb:// or adl:// are not supported in UC and those storage info
will be skipped.
```
